(DOCSP-21050): Sync roles updates (#1679)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sync/data-access-patterns/permissions.txt

   -- that is, before any query for specific documents -- you can't
   refer to a document or its field values to determine whether the
   session role applies. Therefore, most apps just have one session role
   and leave the per-document permission logic to that session role's
   read and write rule expressions.

The session role stays assigned for the duration of the session. If you
make changes to an applied session role while a user is in the middle of
a session, {+service-short+} does not evaluate the updated session role
until the next time the user starts a new session. Likewise, if
something changes that would qualify the user for a different session
role, the user's current session role does not change until the next
session.

.. _default-roles:

Default Roles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can create one or more default session roles that apply across all
collections. If a collection does not have any custom session roles
defined, session role resolution reverts to default session roles. 

.. tip::

   Because session roles apply only at the session level and not on a
   per-document level, most apps only need one (default) session role

>    with more interesting per-document logic in that session role's read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with per-document logic in that session role's read
```
Does "more interesting" contribute any information here?

   and write rules. With Flexible Sync, session roles can be thought of

>    as a way to group read and write rule expressions in order to manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   as a way to group read and write rule expressions to organize
```
What meaning does "in order" contribute here? I feel like "organize" better conveys the idea that this lets you break up logic into bite-sized pieces, but maybe there's a better term I'm not thinking of (or a reason to stick with "manage" that I'm not considering).

   your code.

.. seealso::

   :ref:`flexible-sync-custom-and-default-roles`

Flexible Sync Rules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You define a read and write rule expression pair for every session role.

> These rules are coupled to your app's data model by the :ref:`queryable
> field <queryable-fields>`.

Reviewer: Should we rewrite this in active voice?

```suggestion
:ref:`Queryable fields <queryable-fields>` couple these rules to your app's data model.
```

> In response to a Flexible Sync subscription query, Realm evaluates the
> read and write rule expressions for each document that matches the query
> and only syncs to the client those documents where the rule expression
> evaluated to "true".

Reviewer: Looooong boi. Can we break this up to improve readability?

```suggestion
In response to a Flexible Sync subscription query, Realm evaluates the
read and write rule expressions for each document that matches the query.
The client only receives documents where the rule expression evaluates to "true".
```

Consider the following behavior when designing your schemas 
to ensure that you have appropriate data access granularity and don't 
accidentally leak sensitive information.

- Sync rules apply dynamically based on the value of the queryable field or 
  user metadata. One user may have full read & write access to a document 
  while another user has only read permissions or is unable to access the 

>   document entirely. You control these permissions by defining 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  document. You control these permissions by defining 
```
Nitpicky trimming.
